===Under Construction===
In fact, these Q&A's are not asked frequently at all.
They all came from the messed up mind of the author!

Q: It complains about a missing dll?
A: The Windows version was built against d3dx9_43.dll, which can
   only be found in the latest DirectX runtime. Make sure you have the
   latest DirectX runtime installed.
   Other dlls required by the default Windows version are all bundled
   with your Windows installation plus the DirectX runtime. You
   shouldn't blame me if your system is incomplete.

Q: I JUST CAN'T start it! (I can't see even a window!)
A: Something must went wrong. There are two general causes.
     1. Failed to load a shared library.
     2. Initialization Failure.
   If the first one happened, BLRLOG.TXT will not even be created.
   To solve it, install the required runtime libs.
   If the second one happened, you can find out what really happened in
   BLRLOG.txt. Read the rest part of this document for more information.

   However, the first one is not likely to happen. The official Windows
   build doesn't have too much external dependencies.

Q: (In Windows)
   "Can't create D3D interface"
   "Can't determine desktop video mode"
   "Can't find appropriate full screen video mode"
   "Can't create D3D device"
   and it ends after this...
A: DirectX initialization failed.
   If you get this message after changing an option, the cause might
   be your option is not supported by your computer. You can purge
   the config file (back up your score and remove .blrrc) and
   restart the game.
   If you get this message on the first startup, you are just unlucky.
   HGE, which is the render engine used in BLR is really low-ended
   and will even work on a 1998's computer. Again, you are just unlucky!

Q: (In linux or custom Windows builds)
   "OpenGL implementation must be at least version 1.2"
A: If you build a custom Windows build with OpenGL, this may occur, for
   Windows' OpenGL implementation is 1.1. For a work around, see the
   SDL website or build the DirectX version.
   If this happens in a Linux build, you are just unlucky. OpenGL 1.2
   is released in 1998...
   Similiar problems may also happens if your X display is not a GL visual
   or you haven't installed drivers properly.

Q: "******** failed, using no sound", and it's silent...
A: OpenAL initialization failed.
   Your system may not support OpenAL software version (it's so hard to
   find such a computer). To dismiss this message, start the game with
   "--nosound".

Q: The screen suddenly messed up...
   Something terrible happened...
   Is the player square screwed?
   I can't move it!
A: This might be a internal problem. Please make a bug report if this
   happened.

Q: It crashed!
A: This program may crash at any time.
   If it crashed, you can post your problem with BLRLOG.txt attatched
   to google code issue tracker. I'll try to fix the problem if I can
   reproduce it.

Q: "Cannot decompress resources!" (Windows only)
A: I've compressed the resources of the game for Windows. As the game
   starts, it will create two folders and decompress the resources
   into them. If that failed, this problem will be reported.
   Restarting the game may solve the problem. If it still fails, check
   if expand.exe exists in your system(It's an essential system file!).

Q: Your code cannot compile!
A: I'm pretty sure that it CAN compile(on my machine).
   Check if you have all required sdks installed and if you have
   configured the project correctly.
   Additionally, if you checked out an older revision from svn, I
   cannot guarantee that it can compile!

Q: What are BLRData.dtp and BLRMusic.dtp?
A: As the name tells, these are archives containing the game data.
   You can decompress them with expand.exe (which may be found in
   the mystery folder "system32").

Q: It's blurred?
A: The game was designed for 800x600, and if you are using a resolution
   other than 800x600 or running in fullscreen, this problem may occur.

Q: I can't see the bullets when paused?
A: That depends on the implementation of the level where you are.
   Some levels are implemented using the silly "SimpleBullet" class
   which I once think it brilliant. These bullets won't be displayed
   during the pause.
   Pause menu was not introduced in BLR I until version 0.8.9 alpha.
   The reason was I thought a menu for the pause scene was really
   useless...
   BTW, if you've ever played the official version of the Touhou series,
   you might have found the pause scene there more annoying. The author
   has stated that he made it deliberately (see TH06 FAQ 25).

Q: I don't think the graphics are being rendered correctly.
A: I don't know much about DirectX, for I left hge DirectX untouched.
   However it shouldn't differ too much from the OpenGL version.
   All quads are rendered as triangles, and uses vertex buffer.
   Maybe there are "graphics driver dependent" contents, I'll correct them
   later.

Q: It's sssSssso hard!
A: It's supposed to be hard! The only solution is to practice more.
   However you can get more CLRs in player preference settings (with
   a sacrifice of moving speed).
 
Q: I can't get those "+1"'s...
A: It's designed to be so! Some of the "+1"'s are only for adventurers!

Q: Tell me the history.
A: Changelog tracked a full history of this project (Although it's not
   detailed).
   By the way, this project started as a fork of BLR I, which is already
   closed by me now.

Q: Are there command line options?
A: Yes. It's documented in README.txt.
   BTW, --start and --fast came up for debug purpose only.
   However they are a hidden bonus for cheaters.
   So, I won't remove that in the final version. I promise.
   (P.S.: misusage of --start may cause severe problems!)

Q: Rankings of this game?
A: If you can reach level 1~3...
   --You are not suitable playing this sort of game.
   If you can reach level 4~6...
   --You are a normal human-being.
   If you can pass level 6 or reach level 7...
   --You are unusual.
   If you can pass level 7...
   --Are you "nobody"?
   If you can pass level -1...
   --Tell me the reason why you come to Earth...

Q: Why can't I play all levels, it tells me "It Ends Here"! Do I have to pay
   you for it?
A: Of course not! 'Cause You just restarted too many times or had too many
   collisions. The detailed requirements is listed below.
   Level         Restarts allowed      Collisions allowed
   level 2       N/A                   N/A
   level 3       1                     10
   level 4       2                     40
   level 5       3                     75
   level 6       5                     125
   level 7       8                     200
   level -1      2                     50

   For example, to enter level 6 you can restart 5 times at most (classical
   mode), or have 125 collisions at most (FreePlay Mode).

   Level -2 can only be accessed in assessment mode or "--start" option.

Q: Are there other awards?
A: Sorry, no... 
   You won't get anything but the ranking even you've passed level -1 without
   collisions.
   So... enjoy it yourself.
